题目1： what is same original js and what's the work around
What is the Same-Origin Policy (SOP)?

Who has the same origin?
Two URLs are said to have 
the same origin if they share the same protocol, 
hostname and port number.

https :// google.com/
https :// google.com/haha
https ://google.com:443/ https 443 protocol by default.

Setting document.domain
Setting the domain of different subdomains 
to the same using document.domain will enable them to share resources.
 For example, setting the domain of a.domain.com and b.domain.com to
 domain.com so that they can interact.

 Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)
You can also use Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) to relax the SOP
. CORS protects the data of the requested server. It allows 
servers to explicitly specify the list of origins that are allowed 
via the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. The origin of the page
 sending the request is then checked against this list of allowed origins.
 Cross-domain messaging (postMessage)

PostMessage is a way of working around SOP. 
This technique allows pages to send text-based messages
 to other pages by calling the postMessage() method on a window. 
 The receiving window then handles the message using an onmessage event handler.


题目2：Restful API naming and versioning best practice
1. Use nouns for naming URIs
2 Use intuitive, clear, unabridged names
3. Use forward slashes to denote URI hierarchy
4. Separate words with hyphens
5. Use lowercase letters
6. Avoid special characters
7. Avoid file extensions

Understandability: The resource’s representation format should 
be understandable and utilizable by both the server and the client
Completeness: A resource should be completely represented by the format
Linkability: A resource can be linked to another resource
http://api.example.com/user-management/users
POST https://<HOST>/customers
Including the version in the URL
Including the version in the URL is an easy strategy for
 having the version number added at the end of the URI.
https://api.domain.com/v1/
https://api.domain.com/v2/
https://api.domain.com/v3/
Versioning in the subdomain
In regard to versioning in the URL, subdomain versioning 
puts the version within the URI but associated with the domain, like so:

https://v1.api.domain.com/
https://v2.api.domain.com/
https://v3.api.domain.com/

nother approach to versioning is using MIME types to include the API version. 
In short, API producers register these MIME types on their backend and
 then the consumers need to include accept and content-type headers.
 GET https://<HOST>/orders/1325 HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json
Version: 1

题目3：how cookies works between web server and browser
1. cross domain 解释
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is an HTTP-header based
 mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port)
  other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources.
   CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request 
   to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check that the
    server will permit the actual request. In that preflight, the browser sends
     headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers that will be used in the 
     actual request.

     When you want to get a public resource from a different origin,
      the resource-providing server needs to tell the browser
       "This origin where the request is coming from can access my resource". 
     The browser remembers that and allows cross-origin resource sharing.

client 
.It can access cookies via the Document property cookie.
This means you can read all the cookies that are accessible 
at the current location with document.cookie.
 It gives you a string containing a semicolon-separated list of
 cookies in key=value format:
document.cookie = "hello=world; domain=example.com; Secure";

Server
The server can access and modify cookies via
 an HTTP request’s response and request headers. 
 Whenever the browser sends an HTTP request to the server, 
 it attaches all the relevant cookies to that site with the cookie header.


Cookies are created to identify you when you visit a new website. 

The web server — which stores the website’s data — sends a short stream of 
identifying info to your web browser.

Browser cookies are identified and read by “name-value” pairs.
 These tell cookies where to be sent and what data to recall.

 Session management. For example, cookies let websites recognize users and recall their individual 
 login information and preferences, such as sports news versus politics.

1. general software design- 
what is the most important object oriented programming principle for complex system
The five principles are as follows:
* S – Single Responsibility Principle (SRP): “A class should have one, and only one, reason to change.”
* O – Open Closed Principle (OCP): “You should be able to extend a classes behavior, without mod‍‍‍‌‌‌‍‌‍‍‍‍‌‍‌‌‌‌‌ifying.”
* L – Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP): “Derived classes must be substitutable for their base classes.”
* I – Interface Segregation Principle (ISP): “Clients should not be forced to depend upon interfaces that they don't use.”
* D – Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP): “Depend on abstraction, not on concretions.”

OOP的什么性质让它可以处理复杂的类
Abstraction: shows only the necessary details to the client of an object
Encapsulation: process of enclosing one or more items within a physical or logical package
Inheritance: allows us to define a class in terms of another class
Polymorphism: an instance of something in various forms

有一些具体例子问你用那个data structure来实现，比如说file system lz说n-ary tree，undo/redo lz答 pair of stacks，其他的忘了，反正都挺明显的
A tree structure is the most common directory structure. The tree has a root directory, and every file in the system has a unique path. 

put all the actions in a stack for multi level undo. 
and in case of redo make another stack.this stack will
 keep all the commands you have undone.so when you perform
  an undo command you pop undo stack and push the action into 
  redo stack.You do same thing into redo .
when you pop a redo action put it into undo stack
